Updated the readme (#5)
code4me-me/code4me: code4me-server/markdowns/index.md

# Code4Me

> Code4Me provides language model based code completion. Code4Me predicts statement (line) completion and is available for both Jetbrains and Visual Studio Code. The code suggestions from Code4Me can be recognised by the logo in the suggestion menu. Code4Me triggers (on specific trigger characters) automatically or it can be prompted manually by pressing the keybind. This keybind differs per IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code4Me provides language model based code completion. Code4Me predicts statement (line) completion and is available for both PyCharm (but also other JetBrains IDEs) and Visual Studio Code. The code suggestions from Code4Me can be recognised by the logo in the suggestion menu. Code4Me triggers (on specific trigger characters) automatically or it can be prompted manually by pressing the keybind. This keybind differs per IDE: **alt + shift + K** for the JetBrains plugin, and **ctrl + space** for the VSC plugin.
```

Reviewer 2: > 

```suggestion
Code4Me provides automatic intelligent code completion based on large pre-trained language models. Code4Me predicts statement (line) completion and is available for both PyCharm (also other JetBrains IDEs) and Visual Studio Code. The code suggestions from Code4Me can be recognised by the logo in the suggestion menu. Code4Me automatically triggers (on specific trigger characters) or the user can prompt it manually by pressing the keybind. The keybind differs per IDE: **alt + shift + K** for the JetBrains plugin, and **ctrl + space** for the VSC plugin.```

Code4Me does not hinder native auto completion or other extensions.

## Installation
The plugin is available on both marketplaces. You can download them by either clicking the link in your browser or looking up 'Code4Me' in the integrated marketplace of your IDE.

### JetBrains
The Code4Me plugin can be found in the [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19200-code4me).

### VSC
The Code4Me plugin can be found in the [Visual Studio Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Code4Me.code4me-plugin).

## Data Collection

> The plugin works with a remote API in order to suggest autocompletions. After this request the server will return a prediction to the client. The remote API requires a segment of the 2048 characters. Thus this limited segment is sent to the TU Delft backend server. We do not store the entire segment. The inserted line is tracked over the course of 30 seconds and then returned to the server and then stored. This line has to be stored to use different evaluation metrics to properly asses the autocompletion model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin works with a remote API in order to suggest autocompletions. After this request the server will return a prediction to the client. The remote API requires a segment of the current document, 1024 characters around the position of the statement suggestion, 2048 characters in total. This limited segment is sent to the backend server. We do not store this segment on the server, instead we only store the suggestion made by the model. In addition to this, we track the inserted line over the course of 30 seconds and then return this to the server. We store the completion made by our model and the line such that we can compute different evaluation metrics to properly asses the autocompletion model.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin works with a remote API in order to suggest autocompletions. After triggering the autocompletion (automatically or manually), the client's request is sent to the server. Running the ML-based model, the server returns a prediction in response to the client. The remote API requires a segment of the current document (close left context at the trigger point). This limited segment is sent to the backend server only for prediction and will not be stored on our server. 
For the purpose of evaluating the models' predictions, we only store the suggestion made by the ML-based models at each trigger point and compare it against the accepted prediction by users (collected after 30 seconds). 
```

> The plugin does not collect personal data nor the full segment sent. The plugin does collect the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin does not collect personal data nor the segment sent. The plugin does collect the following data:
```

Author: I think this is a tricky one since we could store a part of the segment if someone removes the insertion...

Reviewer: If someone removes the insertion, it will not store anything from the segment tho?

Author: Ye, unless that line is directly edited, but I guess it's fine.

> * Suggest insertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Suggested autocompletion.
```

Author: Ye, this one is kind of bad. Will change.

> * Verification of the insertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verification of the autocompletion.
```

Author: Same thing

>   * The plugin tracks the line the code was inserted and sends that line to the server after a timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The plugin tracks the line the code was inserted and sends that line to the server after a 30 second delay.
```

* Inference time of completion.

> Furthermore, Code4Me is in full compliance with the GDPR and all data is anonymous. The data collected will remain on the servers of TU Delft until the end of the bachelor thesis. By using Code4Me you give permission for the data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, Code4Me is in full compliance with the GDPR and all data is anonymous. The data collected will remain on the servers of TU Delft until the end of the study. By using Code4Me you give permission for the data collection.
```
